Replaced NApp's  publish and install functionality with GitHub (#13)
kytos-ng/documentation: tutorials/napps/switch_l2.rst

  $ cd ~/tutorials/<username>/of_l2ls
  $ python3 setup.py develop

To install remotely, you have to publish it first.

Follow the intructions in this |Link|_ to publish your Napp

> Now that you have published your NApp. Install and run your *<username>/of_l2ls* NApp:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that you have published your NApp, install and run it:
```
